test: add tests (#463)
code-pushup/cli: examples/plugins/src/lighthouse/README.md

# lighthouse-plugin example

🕵️ **Code PushUp plugin for Lighthouse reports** 🔥

---

> > [ NOTE ]

Reviewer: In order to make the nice note block, `!` has to be included. Currently it looks like a regular quote. Source[here](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925).

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

   };
   ```

> 4. (Optional) Setup categories (use `npx code-pushup print-config` to list audits and groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) Set up categories (use `npx code-pushup print-config` to list audits and groups).
```
